bello everyone knows the kenya
I hope you all go very well
to young people at each end a new
video a news flash
so I know it's been a while since
you have more received from call of duty on
my chain and it's normal since
I stopped playing there so the gameplay
you make it a gameplay
of black ops so the gameplay is
really bad I struggled like
shit but it's been a while since
I stopped that I stopped symposium all
the whitewater world has declined and we
could not get me to 50 km
just to see make it one that
I was going to post you only once
just an info flash
and today we are going to talk about a leak
regarding call of duty black ops 3
but we'll talk about that but I wanted to
tell you that if until now you
did not have any information and flash
info about black ops 3 it's because
that youtuber such as sir the
v12 skyheroes tonio etc etc have already
made videos where they analyzed the
snap and all that so I could not see myself bad
redo this video again
so here is today I 'm going to you
do this video there since no one
did it again
you may have some people who
are finally said claude at this very moment
but far is the morning so at the same
time it would surprise me a bit and so I
did I tell you about a key poster
a leak from the developers
so as you see on this
poster there you see it's about the
color black ops 3 and as you can
to see it there is written more holder and get
access beta so sorry the shareholder
so what does that mean is that if we
pre-order call of duty black ops three
races its going out well we'll have
access to a beta which is frankly
original since to my knowledge he
there has never been a beta for call of
duty black ops 3 for call of duty en
general
the only way to play in the game at the
rancid was to move in
in games rooms like the 3 or the
paris games week and this year c
a bit original since we will have the
right to help with access to a beta so
you pre-order the game so I already
think that by then we will have some
trailer as well as gameplay I think
of the campaign the multiple I think
that he's going I do not like what's going to be the
tower has the right
seriously I do not know if he'll be at
I believe in remember of
previous years but in any case we
will have the right to a beta and that's
frankly good because frankly
it's still original on the part
developers since it never
been done so far
that's what 2 while you can
also learn from this poster there
is that you see good already in my opinion
to those the image you see under the
eyes in my opinion this will be the cover of
black ops 3 where you see the character
with its 2 guns and the logo 3 in
background but what interests us
earlier is what is first
plan when you see that little black
ops 3 June 11, 15 so I must believe
and change both the month and the the
day so suddenly what does that is that
we have the release date revealed for
black ops 3 he should go out then the 6
November 2015
so on the 6th of November 2015 if I
remember it's still a
week earlier than the old call of
I believe that call of duty advance
warfare that their ghost style it was
in the 13th of november
I think so they have a lead
one week
I remember well but then
shot with this image ra takes when
even a lot of things not only
now knows the release date of the
game and we also know that there will be the
beta and frankly the beta that's
really something that was
really great it will allow him to
play at the spa front with a game
completely finished and knock knock but good
that can it we can put the water to the
mouth we learn that the whole game except
so here I hope that
this little video
this little info flash will have pleased you if it
you liked it I propose you to put
halak and tell me what you have
thought of this flash info in the
comments since it's not going to throw at
strong purchase on call of duty
in all 15 for a next video to
next news flash everyone
fleas